Fizzy benchmark tool (#74)
wasmx/fizzy: test/benchmarks/README.md

# Fizzy Benchmarking Suite

## Inputs files

For each wasm file there may exist an `.inputs` file matching the `.wasm` file
name.

> The inputs file is need to benchark execution and multiple execution case may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inputs file is need to benchmark execution and multiple execution case may be
```

> The inputs file is need to benchark execution and multiple execution case may be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The inputs file is needed to benchmark execution and multiple execution case may be
```

specified in the file.

Execution case is specified by 6 lines:

1. The case name. Must not be empty.
2. The exported wasm function name to be executed.
3. The function arguments as space-separated list of integers. May be empty.
   E.g. `1 2 3`.
4. The hex-encoded bytes of the initial memory. May be empty.
5. The expected result as an integer. Empty line means no result is expected.

> 6. The hex-encoded bytes of the expected memory after execution.

Reviewer 2: May be empty?

Additional empty lines are allowed before each case.

> FIXME: Only beginning of memory should be set/checked in both cases.

Reviewer 2: This looks fixed already?
